iOS READMEs - Geometry (#842)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-ios: arcgis-ios-sdk-samples/Geometry/Buffer/README.md

# Buffer

> Create a buffer around a map point and display the results as an `AGSGraphic`.

Reviewer: You updated the description in `ContentPList.plist`, but not here. They should match.

```suggestion
Create a buffer around a map point and display the results as a graphic.
```

Author: 🤦‍♂ Will change!
